Hey guys get the last video we went ahead and fixed our nav bar.
So that's now working.
We also created our widgets our Sidebar widget area along with some customized widgets.
So now what I want to do is add a search bar in the in the nav bar.
All right.
So we're going to go to our header file and go down to where we have this empty form and we're going
to add some stuff to it.
So first thing we're going to add a method and the method is going to be get a class we can actually
change this left.
I want to put it on the right.
All right we also need to add an action
in the action.
We're going to use PHP tags and we're going to say Ekko escape.
You are all right because where we want the you are all checked and escaped.
All right.
And we're going to use home underscore you are l and in here we just want slash
.
OK.
So basically we're just submitting to the home you are l.
Now as far as the fields we're just going to want one field for the search but let's add a label so
label will say for the nav bar search and give it a class of s r only.
And then let's say ph P underscore the
search and this is just for localization this underscore.
And then we need a second parameter of a text domain
.
All right.
Let's close up those page tags.
And so let's see under the label it's to div class
form group.
And in here we're going to have an input.
Given a type of text and given a class of form control which is just a bootstrap class and it's a name
call it asks for search.
It's given an ID of nav bar search
cry and then we need to submit.
So what does this all say button will give a type of submit and give it a class of between and between
default
and then for the text.
I'm just going to copy this.
What we have here
we go.
All right let's save it.
Let's do a search for larm.
It gives us those Ok search for the word one
too.
All right.
So now we have a search bar and that the last thing that we need to do is this single post.
Ok the single post page.
So what we'll do is let's close up the header file and we're going to create a file in our theme root
and let's save this and we're going to save it as a single dot ph P.
Now just creating this file if I go and click on one of these blog posts it's completely blank because
it's automatically looking at the single dot page page.
All right so what I want to do is copy everything that we have an index
select copy all of it put it in a single save it and then if we go to reload it looks the same exact
way as the index page.
All right so let's go in and change some of that.
So what we want to do we want to
let's let's remove this if has post-up now altogether.
All right so I'm going to go down to where it says ALS and I'm going to cut out from there up
to the actual if statement and then we need to go down and get rid of this and F right.
OK.
Because if there's an image or not it doesn't matter.
But the way that we're going to be formatting it.
All right so we do want the image though so we're going to put it.
It's.
Let's put it right under the heading and I'm just going to paces in.
OK so we're just putting in the thumbnail or the featured image.
If there is one.
All right so let's save that and see what that looks like.
OK.
So we have our big image.
Now let's put a line break underneath it as well.
OK.
So we don't want to read more.
And we also want the full content not the excerpt.
OK so let's get rid of the read more and instead of forget the excerpt.
Let's to get the content.
I think that should work.
Yeah
actually that's change this to the content and get rid of the acco.
OK.
Also seems is class.
There you go.
So now it renders the HDMI as well.
So that's the single page.
Now we're going to have to have common functionality as well.
So we're going to start here and in the next video we'll create a section for the comments as well as
the comment form